VIETNAM ACADEMY
OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE
AND TECHNOLOGY OF HANOI
No.: 344/TB-DHKHCN
SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence - Freedom - Happiness
NOTICE
Hanoi, December 2, 2020
nd
On issuing the guidelines on score improvement examinations
Pursuant to the Academic Policy for Undergraduate Degree issued with the
Decision No. 627/QĐ- DHKHCN dated September 10th, 2019 by the Rector of
University of Science and Technology of Hanoi;
Based on the students' expectation for improving study results,
The University of Science and Technology of Hanoi (USTH) issues the
guidelines on score improvement examination as follows:
I.
II.
Conditions of score improvement
Students who have the final exam score of 10.0 or higher are allowed to register
for a score improvement examination with a view to increasing the cumulative
average grade.
The maximum number of credits registered for the improvement examination is
10 credits/semester. In special cases, students may submit the application to
USTH for consideration.
There is no limit to the number of times of score improvement examinations for
each module.
Principles of score improvement
Students who do not attend the examination without an appropriate reason
receive grade 0 (zero).
The score of an improvement examination is the module score of that
improvement examination. The process scores are preserved for references but
not used for calculating the module score of improvement examinations. After
the students participating in an improvement examination, the module score is
the highest among the module scores of all examinations they have taken.
Regarding the score improvement modules, students only pay examination fees,
not tuition fees.
Students are only allowed to cancel the registration for score improving
examinations before paying the fees.
The improved scores will not be used for USTH's scholarship assessment.
KHOA
LAM
Рон
TR
DA
KHO
cô

III.
IV.
-
Procedure of score improvement examination
Step 1: Students check the final examination schedule, complete the registration
form of score improving examinations and submit to the Department of
Academic Affairs (DAA) two weeks before the final examination.
Step 2: Students pay fees at the Department of Accounting-Finance before the
score improving examination.
Step 3: Within 3 days of registration for the examination to improve the score,
students bring the Payment Receipt and Registration Form to DAA to record the
payment of the fee (If students do not do this, the students are considered to have
voluntarily cancelled their registration for score improving examinations).
Organization of score improvement examinations
Students register for the score improvement examination following the above
procedure.
Score improvement examination is organized at the same schedules with the final
and retake examination of USTH, except for special cases that are determined
by the Rector Board.
HỌC
CONGONGHE
In case the score improvement examination is not organized or the stud a GE
not qualified to register for the improvement examination, the students will be
informed.
This regulation is effective from the date of issuance.
Recipients:
- Principal Rector (to report);
- Rector (to report);
- Academic departments (to inform students);
- Student Affairs, Accounting - Finance;
- Archives: Admin., DAA
KHOA
LAM
HAN
G NGHỆ
LÀ NỘI
PP. RECTOR
RECTOR
HỌC MA CÔNG
TRUONG
ĐẠI HỌC
KHOA HỌC VÀ
CÔNG NGHỆ
HÀ NỘI
NAIA
ET NAM
mo
VIỆT NAM
Nguyễn Hải Đăng